CLDR-18410 ddl landing page (#4499)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/translation/ddl.md

---
title: 'DDL: Help Center'
---

Hello!

Thank you for your contributions and work on your language!

This is a landing page to help speakers of [Digitally Disadvantaged Languages (DDL)](/ddl).

Please select one of the subpages.

Also, be sure to review the [Information Hub for Linguists].

## Organizations

... please consider creating a [CLDR Organization] 

> ### Users
> 
> ... then you can see [Managing users]...
> 
> ### If the locale is missing
> 
> If you need to add a new locale that isn’t currently assigned to your organization, follow these instructions:
> 
> 1. Verify the locale is visible in the Survey Tool. If not, fill out the form: [Core Data for New Locales].
> 
> 2. [File a ticket] requesting to add the locale to your organization's `Locales.txt` file.
> 
> 3. When the locale is added to the Survey Tool and the Locales.txt file has been added, you can then grant your vetters access to that language. See [Managing users].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Individual Contributors

1. Verify the locale is visible in the Survey Tool. 
    1. If not, fill out the form: [Core Data for New Locales].
    2. [QUESTION FOR STEVEN: How do people track progress? Eg, find out when their locale has been added? Whether there are problems with what they filled out?
2. Request a Survey Tool account with the form [XXXXXXXXX]

```

The rest really belongs in the main Managing Users document.
